This kid is really a genius
Suzaku Dragon King
Come see me in three minutes
Sun Long King Life
Hahaha
three points
You can't even do it for three years
Let me tell you something.
The old man holds the economic lifeline of Great Xia
Whoever I let give birth to will give birth
Whoever dies will die
Make an exception
Humph
You really have this ten-star hotel
Without my husband's permission
I see who dares to come here to congratulate you
2 minutes left
Can you really pretend?
I also want the city at the top of the building to shut up for you
Just now, the eight families and Fan
The women have been kneeling
In front of grandpa
Great Xia and Zhao Chang are the top things here
How dare you think highly of yourself!
Look at the whole summer
Only the Suzaku under my turtle is qualified to attack me
Your Zhao family does not have this qualification yet
Only the Dragon King and the King can command Suzaku to grow up
Do you really think you are the Dragon King?
If you could have called me earlier
One more minute.
Ok ok ok
If you can call Elder Suzaku over today
I kneel down and admit that you are the Dragon King
And make you loyal
If you call me I'll gouge your eyes out
Make you blind for life
I advise you to be careful what you say
You can regret it
How dare you hit me?
Come on, what are you killing me for?
Suzaku eggs
How dare you